README.md, before:

# iFetch Chrome Extension

The iFetch Chrome Extension is a project that integrates the iFetch conversational agent into the Farfetch store, allowing users to interact with a chatbot while browsing the store's items.

## Installation

To install the extension, follow these steps:

1. Clone the project repository.
1. Open Google Chrome and navigate to the Extensions tab.
1. Select the "Manage Extensions" option, which will open a new tab displaying all installed extensions.
1. Click on the "Load Extension" button, which will open a new window.
1. Select the "Build" folder from the iFetch Chrome Extension project.
1. The extension will be installed and ready to use.

## Usage

To use the iFetch Chrome Extension, follow these steps:

1. Open the page of an item in the [Farfetch store](https://www.farfetch.com/pt/shopping/men/items.aspx).
1. Click on the icon of the iFetch Chrome Extension, which will open a chat window.
1. Interact with the chatbot to ask questions or get more information about the item.

## Editing

If you wish to extend or customize the current version of the project or use it as an interface for your own project, please follow these instructions.

### Change Endpoint

The first step is to change the endpoint used by the project. To do this, you need to modify the `MESSAGES_ENDPOINT` field in both the "App.js" and "Content.js" files. Update the endpoint to the URL of the desired server.

### Send Messages

To send a message with your content, you need to receive messages in the following JSON format:

```yaml
{
  utterance : utterance,
  user_id : userId, 
  session_id: sessionId,
  user_action: userAction,
  interface_selected_product_id: selectedId 
}
```

The `utterance` field contains the message to be sent, the `user_id` field contains the unique identifier for the user, the `session_id` field contains the unique identifier for the session, the `user_action` field contains the action taken by the user, and the `interface_selected_product_id` field contains the identifier of the selected product.

Thank you for using the iFetch Chrome Extension! If you have any questions or feedback, please feel free to contact us.

Commit message:

Updated README.md to contain instructions about building the project

README.md, after:

# iFetch Chrome Extension

The iFetch Chrome Extension is a project that integrates the iFetch conversational agent into the Farfetch store, allowing users to interact with a chatbot while browsing the store's items.

## Installation

To install the extension, follow these steps:

1. Clone the project repository.
1. Open Google Chrome and navigate to the Extensions tab.
1. Select the "Manage Extensions" option, which will open a new tab displaying all installed extensions.
1. Click on the "Load Extension" button, which will open a new window.
1. Select the "Build" folder from the iFetch Chrome Extension project.
1. The extension will be installed and ready to use.

## Usage

To use the iFetch Chrome Extension, follow these steps:

1. Open the page of an item in the [Farfetch store](https://www.farfetch.com/pt/shopping/men/items.aspx).
1. Click on the icon of the iFetch Chrome Extension, which will open a chat window.
1. Interact with the chatbot to ask questions or get more information about the item.

## Editing

If you wish to extend or customize the current version of the project or use it as an interface for your own project, please follow these instructions.

### Change Endpoint

The first step is to change the endpoint used by the project. To do this, you need to modify the `MESSAGES_ENDPOINT` field in both the "App.js" and "Content.js" files. Update the endpoint to the URL of the desired server.

### Send Messages

To send a message with your content, you need to receive messages in the following JSON format:

```yaml
{
  utterance : utterance,
  user_id : userId, 
  session_id: sessionId,
  user_action: userAction,
  interface_selected_product_id: selectedId 
}
```

The `utterance` field contains the message to be sent, the `user_id` field contains the unique identifier for the user, the `session_id` field contains the unique identifier for the session, the `user_action` field contains the action taken by the user, and the `interface_selected_product_id` field contains the identifier of the selected product. After making this changes you have to build the project using `npm` or `yarn`, and running the command `yarn run build`.

Thank you for using the iFetch Chrome Extension! If you have any questions or feedback, please feel free to contact us.
